Sample of 7338 negation sentences found in 3184 out of 5000 reviews:

1. I have been to it's other locations in NJ and never had a bad experience

2. I've taken a lot of spin classes over the years, and nothing compares to the classes at Body Cycle

3. For anyone who struggles to fit workouts in, the online scheduling system makes it easy to plan ahead (and there's no need to line up way in advanced like many gyms make you do)

4. There is no way I can write this review without giving Russell, the owner of Body Cycle, a shout out

5. Good place for a casual relaxed meal with no expectations

6. Don't let the outside deter you (because we almost changed our minds)

7. Wasn't too much cheese which I liked

8. NEVER going back to dmitris

9. It was the perfect way to explore New Orleans for someone who'd never been there before and didn't know a lot about the history of the city

10. You'll meet up in front of a grocery store (seems strange at first, but it's not terribly hard to find, and it'll give you a chance to get some water), and you'll stop at a visitor center part way through the tour for a bathroom break if needed

11. Los padres national forest staff need to work hard to maintain this forest looking pretty and not like a dumpster

12. Our waitress brought our separate sushi orders on one plate so we couldn't really tell who's was who's and forgot several items on an order

13. But for the money I wouldn't go back

14. My experience with Shalimar was nothing but wonderful

15. The Shalimar group were completely understanding and accommodating, even resizing my ring back up and getting it back to me within an hour at no charge

16. But that is not a big deal and I still want to go here time and time again

17. Their black and white latte is probably the best I've ever had (not too sweet and just the right amount of foam), soups are always really good (even for non-soup people) and there's just a lot of space to do work

18. Why hasn't this become a huge sweep the nation treat

19. Therefore, I was excited to try their pizza, but I don't think it ended up being on par with these other items

20. The cheese was good, but none of the other toppings added much flavor

21. There was no red sauce as is typical for a true margherita pizza

22. However, it is great when you're craving sushi and don't have time to go somewhere else

23. I like the fact that it is on paper and you don't have to guess what things are or have to shout over the counter to tell the server what you want

24. The sushi bowl was good but not wonderful

25. My husband ordered the Maui roll which is my favorite roll at the 96th street location and this just was not up that standard

26. It was good but the quality and consistently was not as good as at 96th street

27. People - it is a sushi place - it isn't McDonalds- so it will be a bit slower

28. You are not going to order and get out of there in five minutes even though it is called express

29. I recently had dinner here with my wife over the weekend and could not have been more pleased

30. Can't wait to see what the next chef specials will be

31. He made it very apparent and direct that he could not help me with that situation and I would have to flag down my  waitress so she could bill me for the four dollar avocado

32. After my ROTD  yesterday of a different Sweet CeCe's location, I realized that I had never reviewed my local source

33. And I usually like their selection of toppings - good mix between healthy and not-so-healthy

34. Sometimes the girls working there aren't really paying attention or are nowhere to be found

35. But I can't give it less than 4 stars because I just love it so much

36. I have never been disappointed with any therapist I have had at the Center

37. The wait for food wasn't too long, which is always appreciated during lunch hour

38. Straight to the point, it's cheap, it tastes and feels cheap

The good: price, location, dessert (edible food items are: baked chicken, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, Salad bar lol, meat and cheese bar, ravioli, pizza) also our waitress was bomb af

The meh: behind counter meat slicing station, shrimp (not even deveined), Mexican station

The bad: breakfast -worst eggs ever, actually worst, eggs

39. Le Benedict can't even cut through ham or English muffin (tried on all 3 occasions), steak, shrimp again, hell breaded items can't even, don't even

40. The only reason I didn't give this restaurant a 5 star rating, is because of one single pretentious waiter

41. When we arrived, the host staff were busy and not available, so we just walked in

42. The restaurant was not too busy, so we just looked at a small table next to the bar and proceeded to take a seat

43. To make a long story short, he was distant and we both got the "couldn't be bothered" vibe from him

44. After looking around and ensuring "last nights waiter" wasn't on shift, we walked over to the bar and started looking over the menu

45. Not worth the price

46. It was not horrible, but for everything that we had heard about this place, I would have expected much better

47. NEVER AGAIN

48. This is a so called restaurant that does nothing that a restaurant should other than prepare food, because the rest is done by the patron

49. Food wasn't terrible not impressive

50. Never mentioned that they only had bottle drinks for coke

51. 00 and the bottled coke that we didn't want 5

52. For dinner, I got Kentucky Fried Quail (stellar, though the succotash was not as exciting as I wanted it to be) and the boy got the 24$ Fois Gras burger, which was incredible

53. The duckfat fries were pretty yummy, but not even the best part of the meal

54. I could've done without the cheese sauce, but as it was on the side I wasn't deterred

55. Mentioned to our waitress, but nothing came of it

56. Pizza was ok, not great

57. Except for not being our advocate our server was good

58. We wanted the summer rolls, which were on the menu, but apparently will not be available until summer, so we settled on the pan-fried dumplings

59. The flavor was good, but I don't think we'd order them again

60. You know you have a great stylist when you don't have to specify what you want done, but instead they see what needs to be done

61. I've been to this location many times when I lived in the area and although it is a chain and not exactly sexy, it does the job on many occasions

62. The key is getting there when they are not busy or else you will wait

63. Again, nothing fancy here a pep boys is a pep boys but all in all decent stuff

64. It's never a quick beer and a bite of food

65. They used enough amount of coconut milk that soup was really creamy and wasn't over powering with herb

66. Liked the amount of peanut they used, noodle was chewy and perfect and not too sweet

67. They gave me generous amount of chicken and white meat wasn't dry so I was very happy with my meal

68. We were a bit weary about trying the Shellfish Company on the Wharf as more often than not, many places like these (see Cannery Row, Monterey) feast on a captive audience and provide sub-standard fare at high prices

69. WW is not necessarily meant for convenience shopping

70. I am a single woman and I find that I have no trouble shopping at the co-op, during peak times or otherwise

71. I wouldn't say that the community is necessarily made up of "tree huggers" and "earth children", though

72. I don't find the membership fee or the work hours to be prohibitive being a single person vs

73. I don't think that membership in a co-op is for everyone and, if you aren't single, it's definitely not a solo decision

74. If you're keen on being committed to the Weaver Way values, you couldn't find a better place to shop

75. If not, stick to the chain stores or just pay the 10% visitors' fee to pop in once in a while

76. Honestly the food doesn't knock my socks off but other people seem to love this place

77. And there is NO complimentary breakfast, just an overpriced buffet, something even the cheapest hotels in California provide

78. Not too sweet, it's perfect

79. If you like cannoli, if you don't think you like cannoli, you should definitely get one from Termini Bros

80. After 3 weeks of working in the area I finally found a place off of Magazine that is not overrated

81. We didn't expect much but this tour definitely exceeded our expectation

82. What is not to love

83. It's fun to just kind of wander and look around - don't worry, you'll get a chance because there will likely be a wait before you dine

84. The Hefeweizen is my personal favorite and a great start for anyone who is not a huge beer drinker (like myself)

85. When I went back to the drive-through window to complain (didn't realize the actual restaurant was open--it was almost 2 after all

86. ), the guy took back the burger, said nothing, and disappeared

87. And still did not get an apology

88. They have tires and other parts you won't find anywhere else

89. Haven't been to their sister restaurant yet, but I can't seem to want to move on when I am always so satisfied with their fare here

90. The tomato sauce was not tasty, and they did not use enough cheese on my pizza

91. Perhaps they have improved, but we are not in any rush to try a second time

92. not fully taking advantage of what the name implies, but maybe next time

93. Unfortunately, I did not order that one so I settled for my not so creamy coffee

94. I don't know why I didn't just get this

95. Maybe a milkshake isn't the way to go here

96. We can't say enough about the treatment we received: from a great table and view, to delicious "compliments of the chef" extra dishes, to a beautifully decorated cake plate, to the warm and attentive servers

97. This is not a chain restaurant but a dedicated local place with good employees

98. Raw oysters are not cleaned well

99. - The ambient is inviting but not comfortable so we basically just finished our food and go

100. not literally, but figuratively

